It's all about the execution, the execution is key.
We’ve got another one in the win column, and that’s all that matters.
We’re just going to take it one game at a time.
They really brought their A-game tonight.
I’m the last one to make excuses.
I want to thank God for this victory.
We know what we gotta do; we just gotta go out there and do it.
This is a childhood dream; you couldn’t write a better script.
We’re going to get things turned around.
The boys had a point to prove today.
He always gives 110 percent.
We're taking it one game at a time.
They have to stay focused.
There’s no " I " in TEAM.
Defense wins championships.
The field is a frozen tundra.
The prevent defense prevents you from winning.
Records are made to be broken.
I don't know I could tell I was in the race at the end and I was just trying hard to get my tempo at the end. 
One thing that really fired me up beforehand was, you know, it would be good for you if you won, and that fired me up more than anything.
We all had fun together.
I just said I'm going to go for it and see what happens.
When I saw the finish, I thought wow.
I'm at a loss for words.
I had no idea the race was that close.
I got lucky enough to put my hand on the wall first.
I think we did well.
I really enjoyed it.
The game was closer than the score indicated.
I did my best and scored points.
I think in my dreams I always wanted it, and I thought under the perfect circumstances I could do it.
It was tough but I was able to push through in the last few seconds.
A tie is like kissing your sister.
You win as a team, you lose as a team.
It's been a tale of two halves.
Turnovers will be the key.
The intangibles will be the key.
Statistics can be misleading.
Statistics tell the whole story.
That's the key statistic.
That's the key to the game.
You take what the defense gives you.
This is always a tough place to play.
We don't play these games on paper.
Both teams are playing at a high level.
We've got an intriguing matchup. 
We've got the league's best offense against the league's best defense -- something's got to give.
These two teams don't like each other.
There's been a lot of trash talking.
There's no love lost between these two teams.
There's bad blood between these two teams.
When these two teams get together you can throw out their records.
It’s gonna be a war out there.
It's going to be a battle of the titans.
It's going to be a battle of epic proportions.
This is a game for the ages.
This is a pivotal game for them.
This is their watershed game.
They're coming off a heartbreaking loss.
A win today snaps their four game losing streak.
This game is for the bragging rights.
They're the sentimental favorites.
They match up well.
He gets the most out of his players.
There are no easy games in this league.
The season is a marathon - not a sprint.
Bad calls even out over the course of a season.
On any given day any team is capable of beating another team.
Good teams get better down the stretch.
We really have to take it to them.
We have to play with their ears pinned back.
We need to turn up the intensity.
We have to step up and make plays.
We have to come out of the locker room fired up.
We're loaded for bear.
We have to go out and take care of business.
We can't let the crowd faze them.
We have to get after it.
We have to rise to the occasion.
We have to leave everything on the field.
We have to stay hungry.
We have to keep the continuity.
We can't look past these guys.
We can't take these guys lightly.
We have to avoid a big letdown.
We have to come together as a team.
We have to believe in themselves.
We have to play within themselves.
We have to play like they're capable of playing.
We have to step up their offensive production.
We have to get the big guy involved in the offense.
And all in all from an execution perspective we played a tight game.
We'll have to find a way to contain them.
We'll have to find a way to limit what he can do.
We can't expect to shut down completely.
We can't be intimidated.
We must control the tempo of the game.
We have to dictate the tempo.
We have to stick to their bread-and-butter offense.
We should stick to the fundamentals.
We have to eliminate the mental mistakes.
We have to dig deep.
We have to suck it up.
We have to crank it up.
We have to turn it up a notch.
We need to step up to the next level.
We must capitalize on their opportunities.
We have to take advantage of their opportunities.
We have to bend but not break.
We have to stretch their defense.
We have to shore up their defense.
We have to pull out all the stops.
We control our own destiny.
We really wanted it more.
Execution wise we really played well.
It took a lot of heart to execute.
I think it is what it is.
I think that if we can't execute we can't win.
They know how to win.
First and foremost, I want to thank the lord.
We really would not be here if it were not for our team.
We came out to play today.
At the end of the day, we executed as best as we could have.
It was a total team effort.
It feels good to go out there and execute and play loose.
We need to realive that tomorrow is a new day.
A win is just a win.
It's a marathon not a sprint.
We have to realize that defense wins champions.
We need to push out our blood, sweat, and tears in every single game.
It's not whether we win or lose, it's how we play the game.
We beat a very good team out there.
At the end of the day, really there are no excuses.
Both teams play hard.
We are taking it one game at a time.
I really gave it my 110 percent.
I think losing is my greatest weakness.
I think the key is being really agressive
There are no easy games in this league.
I liked what I saw out there.
I’m happy with the way that our guys performed today.
At the end of the day it came down to execution for us.
But really, we have to bring our A game.
All in all, we have to focus on the fundamentals.
We have to control the tempo.
We have to play how we’re capable of playing.
I’m really proud of our guys and how they played.
I’m really proud of our guys and their execution.
I’m really proud of us and our hard work.
I went out there and gave it my all
Our guys gave it everything they had.
We beat a very good team.
We didn't execute today.
We really have to get out there and execute.
This team showed a lot of pride.
We showed our poise.
We should our true character today.
Both teams were playing at a high level.
I really gave it my heart and my soul.
But at the end of the day you have to leave it out on the field.
I give them a lot of credit.
First, I want to thank God.
It's a long season.
Both teams played hard.
They are a great team, they fought hard.
We had a great great defense.
We just kept on pushing and scoring.
We really had to execute.
We gave it one hundred and ten precent.
I just play the game to win hard.
You have to give the other team a lot of credit.
I have to take it one game at a time.
We really went out there and gave it our hearts.
It was a team effort.
Anything is possible.
We played hard and had to score.
We pushed hard and gave it our 100 percent.
We came here to compete.
We came here to win.
We have a tremendous work ethic.
We had our backs against the wall.
We really needed to execute.
God was on our side today.
They needed to execute.
They should just go out there and have fun.
They're playing for pride.
They're playing the role of spoilers.
They went 80 yards in the ensuing possession. 
The final score was not a true indication.
The game was a lot closer than the final score indicates.
It's easy to be a Monday morning quarterback.
We drew closer together in the face of adversity. Our team has shown a lot of heart and guts. This team has won a lot of close games and it has a lot to do with their mental toughness.
Obviously that was a great win for us. I'm happy for the team. They worked hard and deserve it. Stanford is a great team and to defeat them is great for us. Our team is resilient. They have kept their heads up through the adversity this year.
Resiliency has been the profile of this team all season, as we have matured and grown and have gone through the difficult times. We have come together as a team.
It's very obvious that the better team won this from the standpoint of maturity and toughness. 
We are struggling right now.
We have lost six of seven. 
We are running out of rope. 
Our backs are against the wall.
I feel the time has come for new leadership in our basketball program.
This is my responsibility and I feel badly I have not been able to get us going where we should be going.
I want to thank our great fans.
I am looking forward to the next chapter in my life.
I'm really proud of these guys. 
hey battled really hard all year long and right to the end.
We dug deep...deeper than we've ever dug before.
We came out a little more focused this game knowing there was no tommorow.
They never gave us anything. They completely took me out of my rhythm.
We thought we’d have more success running the ball...we weren’t able to sustain anything.
They got us out of our game plan early. We just couldn't execute.
He made a mistake and he's learned from it. He's turning a negative into a positive.
I'm really proud of the way our guys hung in there.
We were really on our game.
We came to play.
We brought our A-game.
We took them out of their game.
We knew what we had to do and went out and did it.
We proved we're the better team.
We're tickled to death.
We're glad to get out of here with the "W".
They gave us a big scare. 
It's tough to win in a hostile environment.
We're happy we could pull this one out at the end.
We feel fortunate.
We knew this would be no cakewalk.
It wasn't pretty but we'll take it.
We managed to eke out a win.
The important thing is that we won.
A win is a win.
This was a good win for us.
This was a confidence booster.
We're going to use this win as a building block.
We'll use this win as a stepping stone to the next level.
We're not going to rest on our laurels.
This win was no fluke.
We finally got the monkey off our backs.
Everyone counted us out before the season started.
It was a hard-fought contest.
It was a total team effort.
I really just gave it my all and performed as best as I could.
I'm happy I could make a contribution.
I was just doing my job.
It was a workman-like effort.
We made our own breaks.
We played our hearts out.
We really took it to 'em.
We snatched victory out of the jaws of defeat.
This team has finally learned how to win.
We weren't going to just lie down.
We weren't going to just roll over.
We knew we had to defend our home turf.
This team always seems to find a way to win.
This team has overcome a lot of adversity.
This team shows a lot of character.
This team shows a lot of poise.
This team shows a lot of pride.
This team shows a lot of resiliency.
This team shows a lot of heart.
We're going to savor this victory.
This team has served notice.
We made a statement here today.
We sent a message here today.
This win is for all the fans.
Our fans were the 12th man today.
We feed off the energy of our fans.
This MVP award belongs to the whole team.
We've got the greatest fans in the world.
I want to thank my Lord and Savior.
It hasn't sunk in yet.
I'm in a state of shock.
I'm speechless.
We shocked the world.
You dream about this as a kid.
It feels great to be world champions.  
This is a dream come true.
This is the greatest feeling in the world.
They're tough competitors.
They're a class act.
Give them a lot of credit.
We beat a very good team today.
Obviously, there's no question about it.
Obviously, the final score is the only statistic that matters.
Obviously, the statistics speak for themselves.
They play in-your-face defense.
They’ve been on a roll.
They’re over-achievers.
They can go the distance.
They won't be denied.
They strike fear in the hearts of their opponents.
They’ve come out of nowhere.
